For the term project, I chose to develop a fitness app.  With this app, users will be able to create their own workout schedule by first choosing the muscle groups they want to focus on for each day.  Then, they will choose the exercises they want to do for each muscle group.  There will be video instructions for each exercise as well as text instructions with pictures.  Users will also be able to set the weight they're going to use for each set as well as the amount of reps per set.  Studies have shown that that if people change their workout routine every 4-6 months that they will see better results.  Therefore, this app will alert users in 4 months that they should consider changing the exercises they do and their schedule.  Also, because nutrition plays a huge role in seeing results, users will be able to enter the food they ate as the day goes by and at the end of the day they will receive nutritional information for everything they ate.
	One app that already exists that similar to my idea is the Bodybuilding Workout app.  This app provides more than 80 exercises with video support as well as text instructions with pictures.  It also has a built-in calendar that automatically marks all your workout days.  It has the ability to keep and track data about your weights and repetitions for each performed exercise.  Another app that is similar is the Total Fitness – Gym & Workouts app.  This app has an explanation for 100 different exercises and provides a workout builder that lets users create a routine.  It also lets users create challenges that they will help them reach some of their goals.  One of the key features that I believe will set my app a part from other apps on the market is ability to receive nutritional information based on what the user at for the day.  Having a good workout routine means nothing without proper nutrition and letting the user see the nutritional facts for the food they ate will help them understand that.  Also, another feature that will help set this app a part from others on the market is the fact that the user will be notified in 4 months that they should change their routine for better results.